Heimdall (c) 2010-2011 Benjamin Dobell, Glass Echidna
http://www.glassechidna.com.au/products/heimdall/

DISCLAIMER:

    This software attempts to flash your Galaxy S device. The very nature of
    flashing is dangerous. As with all flashing software, Heimdall has the
    potential to damage (brick) your phone if not used carefully. If you're
    concerned, don't use this software. Flashing ROMs onto your phone may also
    void your warranty. I am not responsible for the result of your actions.



These instructions are for Linux operating systems.

Installing Heimdall from Source:

    1. First make sure you have installed build-tools and pkgconfig.

    2. Open a terminal and navigate to the directory you extracted Heimdall to.

    3. Then enter the following commands to compile and install libusb-1.0:

            cd libusb-1.0
            ./configure
            make
            sudo make install
            cd ..

       If you have problems please consult http://www.libusb.org/        

    4. Enter the following commands to compile and install Heimdall:

            cd heimdall
            ./configure
            make
            sudo make install
            cd ..

	    NOTE: You can use "checkinstall" instead of "make install" in order
                  to generate a redistributable package.

    5. Done



Installing Heimdall Frontend from Source (Optional):

    1. First make sure you have installed Qt 4.6 or above,
       available from http://qt.nokia.com/.

    2. Open a terminal and navigate to the directory you extracted Heimdall to.

    3. Enter the following commands to compile and install Heimdall Frontend:

            cd heimdall-frontend
            qmake heimdall-frontend.pro
            make

       NOTE: You can use "checkinstall" instead of "make" in order to generate
             a redistributable package.

    4. The file output will be placed in the UNIX sub-directory. Move this file
       to your preferred location.

    5. Done



Flashing Firmware with Heimdall Frontend:    

    1. Fully charge your device (use the wall charger as it's faster).

    2. Download a decrypted Samsung Galaxy S ROM and extract it to a directory.

    3. If the ROM is provided as one of more archives (nested or otherwise),
       extract them all to the same location.

       NOTE: If you want to use the CSC then extract it last.

    3. Open Heimdall Frontend.

    4. Put your Galaxy S device into download mode.

    5. For each file you wish to flash use "Browse" to select the file.

    6. Press "Start".

    7. Heimdall Frontend will display the progress and inform you when the
       flash is complete.



Flashing Firmware from Command Line / Terminal:
	
    1. Fully charge your device (use the wall charger as it's faster).

    2. Download a decrypted Samsung Galaxy S ROM and extract it to a directory.

    3. If the ROM is provided as one of more archives (nested or otherwise),
       extract them all to the same location.

       NOTE: If you want to use the CSC then extract it last.

    4. Open a terminal and navigate to the directory where you extracted the
       ROM files.

    5. Type the following to list all the functionality Heimdall supports:

            heimdall help

    8. Use the instructions to manually enter a command with all the files you
       want to flash.

       Here is an example that does a full flash and repartition:
		
            heimdall flash --repartition --pit s1_odin_20100512.pit --factoryfs factoryfs.rfs --cache cache.rfs --dbdata dbdata.rfs --primary-boot boot.bin --secondary-boot Sbl.bin --param param.lfs --kernel zImage --modem modem.bin

    9. Done
